Which of the following are examples of desktop software?
	Web Browser
	Music player

POP and IMAP are related to:
	Email

Which application would you use to edit and piece together sound files to make podcast?
	Audacity

A Mail Transfer Agents primary purpose is to:
	Deliver mail between servers

Which of the following are examples of a web server?
	Apache
	Nginx

If you wanted to let a Linux machine share files with Windows clients and servers, you would use:
	Samba

Richard Stallman is associated with:
	The Free Software Foundation

Creative Commons licenses allow you to:


The Creative Commons version of Public Domain licensing is:
	No Rights Reserved

Your company makes a hardware firewall that runs a custom Linux kernel. What are your obligations under GPLv2?
	You must make the source to your kernel available

The Samba application is a:
	File Server

If you wanted to set up a blog, which software would be most helpful?
	WordPress

Which of the following pieces of software deal with file sharing?
	Samba
	Netatalk
	NFS

If you wanted to create and print an invoice, which software could you use?
	LibreOffice

When a computer boots, it can get its network information through:
	DHCP

Which of the following are examples of text editors?
	emacs
	pico
	vim
	nano

A package manager:
	Keeps track of which files belong to which packages
	Downloads software from the Internet

An interpreted programming language:
	Is converted into machine specific instructions as the program runs
	Tends to offer more features than compiled languages

Which of the following are true about compiled programming languages?
	C is a compiled language

Which package manager is used in Fedora, a Red Hat derived system?
	yum

The Linux shell:
	Allows you to launch programs
	Is customizable
	Has a scripting language

The two main families of Linux shells are:
	C Shell
	Bourne Shell

Which server software would you use to create a company directory that you could search and authenticate against?
	Open LDAP

A Mail Transfer Agent's primary purpose is to:
	Deliver mail between servers

A "copyleft provision" in a software license means:
	You must distribute the source to any changes you make

The largest difference between the GPLv2 and BSD licenses is:
	BSD has no copyleft provision

The Free Software Foundation believes that:
	Software should be free to share
	Software should be free to modify

Which of the following licenses was made by the FSF?
	GPLv3

A permissive free software license:
	Places no restrictions on sharing modifications
	Means you can use the software for anything you want

Linux is distributed under which license?
	GPLv2

Who founded the Open Source Initiative?
	Bruce Perens
	Eric Raymond

A generic term for Open Source and Free Software is:
	FLOSS

Which are examples of permissive software licenses?
	BSD
	MIT

What is the meaning of a public domain license?
	The author has relinquished the copyright on the work

Creative Commons licenses allow you to:
	Allow or disallow commercial use
	pecify whether or not people may distribute changes

If a podcast is licensed under the CC BY-ND license, you may:
	Post it to your website
	Share it as long as you give credit to the author

